Review Score: 10
Minimum Price per night: £21
Location: Hotel Pensión Cassandra is located in Buzanada, 8.9 km from Playa de las Américas and 10 minutes' drive from Tenerife South Airport.

Review Score: No score yet
Minimum Price per night: £73
Location: Located in Arbejales in the Canary Islands region, Cozy stone house in the mountains features a patio and garden views.

Review Score: No score yet
Minimum Price per night: £111
Location: Boasting accommodation with a private pool, sea view and a balcony, BAJO EL VOLCÁN Rural Villa Canaria is situated in Montaña Blanca. The holiday home has garden views and is 10 km from Arrecife.

Review Score: 10
Minimum Price per night: £99
Location: Situated in Herolds Bay, within a few steps of Herolds Bay Beach and 5 km of Cross point Hiking Start/End, Oupa se Pitte features accommodation with a terrace and free WiFi throughout the property.

Review Score: 8.0
Minimum Price per night: £63
Location: Los Lirios Hotel Rural - Adults Only features an outdoor swimming pool, bar, a shared lounge and garden in Tías. There is a sun terrace and guests can make use of free WiFi and free private parking.

Review Score: No score yet
Minimum Price per night: £137
Location: Featuring an indoor swimming pool, Sur les Hauteurs du Luberon offers B&B accommodation in Caseneuve. This property also offers a garden, a terrace and free Wi-Fi access.

Review Score: 7.9
Minimum Price per night: £118
Location: The Hotel de Mougins is ideally located near a big forest, and one minute from the prestigious Cannes Mougins Golf Club.

Review Score: 10
Minimum Price per night: £188
Location: This luxury hotel in Puerto Calero is 13 km from Lanzarote Airport.

Review Score: 8.2
Minimum Price per night: £175
Location: Featuring an outdoor swimming pool looking out onto the Golf de Saint Tropez and Azur Cavalaire creeks, Hotel Restaurant La Calanque is a seafront hotel located in Cavalaire-sur-Mer.

Review Score: 10
Minimum Price per night: £205
Location: Featuring an outdoor swimming pool, a garden, and a shared lounge, Le Panorama des Alpilles features accommodation in Aureille with free WiFi and pool views.

Review Score: 8.4
Minimum Price per night: £35
Location: Situated in the heart of Cape Town, Happy Rhino Hotel is just 100 meters from the bustling Long Street, which offers a variety of restaurants, bars and nightlife.

Review Score: 7.6
Minimum Price per night: £116
Location: Boasting 360 degree views of the ocean and Keurbooms lagoon, the stylish Sky Villa Boutique Hotel offers rooms in Plettenberg Bay.

Review Score: 9.0
Minimum Price per night: £100
Location: On a 1.8 hectare property surrounded by vineyards, Hotel Bellerive has an outdoor heated swimming pool and a panoramic sunbathing terrace overlooking Mont Ventoux and the Dentelles de Montmirail.

Review Score: 10
Minimum Price per night: £52
Location: Set in Groot Brak Rivier, Garden Route - Seeplaas Guesthouse offers beachfront accommodation 3 km from Klein Brak Beach and offers various facilities, such as a restaurant, a garden and a private...

